OBSDOCS-917: Update installation docs (#73479)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/distr-tracing-tempo-install-web-console.adoc

.. Go to *Operators* -> *OperatorHub* and search for `{TempoOperator}`.

.. Select the *{TempoOperator}* that is *provided by Red Hat*.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> The following are the default presets for this Operator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation uses the following default presets for this Operator:
```

Reviewer: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage look for "following" - do not use "following" as a noun

Author: Thank you. I've come up with a different suggestion:
```suggestion
The following selections are the default presets for this Operator:
```
